src/content/docs/getting-started/getting-an-iso.mdx, before:

---
title: Getting an ISO
---

**First**, we have two ways to obtain an ISO file.
+ If you want the convenience of saving time on building, you can choose to download the ISO from hosting services.
+ If you want your ISO to always be up-to-date, you can choose to build it from source code.

## Obtain an ISO from hosting services (Any)
import { Card, CardGrid } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<CardGrid stagger>
  <Card title="Google Drive" icon="cloud-download">
    Obtain an ISO here: <a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1kZROC3W3T_CSAmKgXUiV9OoTZi4PX98l?usp=drive_link" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Download</a>
  </Card>
  <Card title="SourceForge" icon="cloud-download">
    Obtain an ISO here: <a href="https://sourceforge.net/projects/rengeos/files/RengeOS-ISO/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Download</a>
  </Card>
</CardGrid>

## Build it from source code (Arch-based)
import { Aside } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Aside type="caution">
  Sometimes, constant updates by the maintainer can make the ISO file unstable.
</Aside>

**Let's get started!**

+ First, you need to git clone this folder to your HOME directory.
```sh
# You can replace ~ with $HOME if you want.
cd ~ && git clone https://github.com/RengeOS/Source-ISO && cd ~/Source-ISO/
```
+ Then run the ``build_iso`` script.

```sh
./build_iso
```
+ After the build process is complete, we will have the ISO file located in the ``out`` folder.

Commit message:

Add how to checksum ISO

src/content/docs/getting-started/getting-an-iso.mdx, after:

---
title: Getting an ISO
---

**First**, we have two ways to obtain an ISO file.
+ If you want the convenience of saving time on building, you can choose to download the ISO from hosting services.
+ If you want your ISO to always be up-to-date, you can choose to build it from source code.

## Obtain an ISO from hosting services (Any)
import { Card, CardGrid } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<CardGrid stagger>
  <Card title="SourceForge (Latest)" icon="cloud-download">
    Obtain an ISO here: <a href="https://sourceforge.net/projects/rengeos/files/RengeOS-ISO/Latest/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Download</a>
  </Card>
  <Card title="Github Release (Latest)" icon="cloud-download">
    Obtain an ISO here: <a href="https://github.com/RengeOS/Source-ISO/releases/tag/rengeos-2026.01.29-x86_64.iso" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Download</a>
  </Card>
  **Experiencing** download issues? <a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1VOCCLUQAZmDAjrKe9C0rMFI9XHneqsnI?usp=drive_link" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Download Here</a>

</CardGrid>

## Build it from source code (Arch-based)
import { Aside } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Aside type="caution">
  Sometimes, constant updates by the maintainer can make the ISO file unstable.
</Aside>

**Let's get started!**

+ First, you need to git clone this folder to your HOME directory.
```sh
# You can replace ~ with $HOME if you want.
cd ~ && git clone https://github.com/RengeOS/Source-ISO && cd ~/Source-ISO/
```
+ Then run the ``build_iso`` script.

```sh
./build_iso
```
+ **After** the build process is complete, we will have the ISO file located in the ``out`` folder.
+ **Inside** the `out` folder, you will find the **ISO file** and the **SHA256 checksum file**.

## Checksum files (Recommend)

- **Please ensure** you have the ``sha256sum`` package on **your distribution** before proceeding.
- **You** might be **wondering** **how to** ensure the integrity of an **ISO file** when it's downloaded.
- **Therefore**, we will perform an additional step to verify the integrity of the ISO by comparing the ISO with the SHA256 hash following the steps below:
+ **First**, **make sure** you have downloaded the **ISO file** and the **SHA256 ISO file** to the same folder before testing!

```sh
[test@rengeos ~]$ ls test/
rengeos-2026.01.29-x86_64.iso  rengeos-2026.01.29-x86_64.iso.sha256
```

+ **Now** we will proceed to checksum the files.
+ **Replace** it with the **SHA256 file** of the **ISO** you downloaded earlier, and here is an example:

```sh
[test@rengeos ~]$ cd test/ && sha256sum -c rengeos-2026.01.29-x86_64.iso.sha256
rengeos-2026.01.29-x86_64.iso: OK
```

+ **If** it says ``OK`` as above, then your **ISO** is definitely fine; otherwise, **I recommend** you download a new **ISO**.
